apps/docs/docs/intro.md, before:

---
sidebar_position: 1
slug: /
---

# Tutorial Intro

Let's discover **Docusaurus in less than 5 minutes**.

## Getting Started

Get started by **creating a new site**.

Or **try Docusaurus immediately** with **[docusaurus.new](https://docusaurus.new)**.

### What you'll need

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) version 20.0 or above:
  - When installing Node.js, you are recommended to check all checkboxes related to dependencies.

## Generate a new site

Generate a new Docusaurus site using the **classic template**.

The classic template will automatically be added to your project after you run the command:

```bash
npm init docusaurus@latest my-website classic
```

You can type this command into Command Prompt, Powershell, Terminal, or any other integrated terminal of your code editor.

The command also installs all necessary dependencies you need to run Docusaurus.

## Start your site

Run the development server:

```bash
cd my-website
npm run start
```

The `cd` command changes the directory you're working with. In order to work with your newly created Docusaurus site, you'll need to navigate the terminal there.

The `npm run start` command builds your website locally and serves it through a development server, ready for you to view at http://localhost:3000/.

Open `docs/intro.md` (this page) and edit some lines: the site **reloads automatically** and displays your changes.

Commit message:

feat: add TLÁO documentation site with core concepts
- Initialize Docusaurus 3.9.2 project in apps/docs
- Configure TLÁO branding with blue/purple theme
- Create core concept documentation (why-layer, why-tactical, action-outcomes)
- Add comprehensive unit tests for configuration, branding, and concepts
- Set up monorepo integration with turbo.json
- Configure domain: https://docs.tláo.com

apps/docs/docs/intro.md, after:

---
sidebar_position: 1
slug: /
---

# Welcome to TLÁO

**TLÁO** (Tactical Layer for Action & Outcomes) is a middleware system that sits between the chaos of unstructured reality and the precision of execution systems.

## What is TLÁO?

TLÁO transforms messy, real-world inputs into concrete, actionable outcomes. It bridges the gap between:

- **Unstructured Reality**: Emails, PDFs, meeting notes, invoices, transcripts, grant pages
- **Execution Systems**: GitHub issues, calendars, Notion/Jira, proposal documents, budgets, deployments

## Why TLÁO?

In modern work environments, information comes from everywhere in every format. TLÁO provides a unified layer that:

1. **Ingests** diverse inputs without requiring standardization
2. **Understands** context and extracts structured information
3. **Reasons** tactically about what needs to happen next
4. **Executes** by interfacing with your existing tools
5. **Orchestrates** the entire process with full audit trails

## Core Concepts

To understand TLÁO, you need to grasp three fundamental concepts:

- **[Why "Layer"?](concepts/why-layer)** - TLÁO sits between unstructured inputs and structured outputs
- **[Why "Tactical"?](concepts/why-tactical)** - Focus on short-horizon, concrete, actionable steps
- **[Action & Outcomes](concepts/action-outcomes)** - Tasks, owners, deadlines, dependencies, and results

## Quick Start

Ready to dive in? Start with:

1. **[Core Concepts](concepts/why-layer)** - Understand the fundamentals

## TLÁO Agents

TLÁO includes specialized agents for common workflows:

- **TLÁO Plan Agent**: Turns chaos into next actions, priorities, and blockers
- **TLÁO Grant Agent**: Turns uncertainty into eligibility checks and proposal drafts
